how to get a thousand followers a week
on instagram organically whether you
love meta as a company or hate them you
can't deny instagram's popularity
according to statista there are over 1
billion instagram users which means as a
marketer it's a great place to get in
touch with your ideal customers but
here's the thing if no one follows you
it'll be tough to get engagement
or even reach your ideal customer which
means you would just be posting content
and little to no one would be seeing it
so let's solve that today i'm gonna
break down how to get a thousand new
instagram followers each week and best
of all it'll be organically which means
you won't be spending money to get those
followers first off i want you to post
at least once a day if you don't post
often enough you won't have the
opportunity to gain new followers now
each post shouldn't be the same you can
try images videos quotes memes reels or
even carousels or even try stories the
reason you want to try different types
of content is that it'll give you an
idea of the type of content that people
within your space like and what they
don't really like over time you'll want
to do more of what people like and do
less of what they don't like
and don't create content purely for
followers even though that's a goal not
just for this video but also for you you
have to keep in mind another goal which
is you need to create content that both
that i would really appeal to new people
but it also provides a ton of value that
creates the right type of followers so
that way you can end up generating sales
remember followers that don't end up
converting don't really matter you want
followers to help you build a brand that
converts people into customers second i
want you to do live sessions at least
once a week with other instagram users
don't go live by yourself dm other
instagram users and ask them to be on an
interview with you
by doing live both on your profile and
on their profile you'll gain more
followers start off
small by going after accounts with less
than ten thousand followers and work
your way up as you get more followers
third post carousels
you know what they look like those posts
have multiple slides in the provide
amazing education like this one
do that at least once a week and you
won't necessarily get the most likes but
what i found is when i look at the
analytics those type of posts provide
amazing engagement from people looking
from side 1 slide 2 slide 3 leaving
comments and also following you which is
great because that's what you want you
want to engage audience fourth you need
to engage with your audience when
someone dms you respond when someone
leaves a comment respond by engaging you
will get more followers
last but not least leave comments on
other people's profiles by engaging with
other social profiles in your space on
instagram you'll get more followers but
make sure your comments are thoughtful
and helpful for example if someone asks
a question that you know the answer to
answer you
that's how you get over a thousand new
organic followers on instagram each week
it requires effort on your part but it
works it's not a lot of steps but it
works and you will end up spending
roughly six hours a week on instagram to
get these followers now over time you'll
be able to fine-tune things and make
things more efficient and you should be
able to get the results in roughly three
to four hours and if you're still
struggling to get a lot of that content
created use tools like canva which
provide a lot of templates and they can
help you out now if you need help with
your social media marketing check out my
ad agency np digital where we help
people in companies like yours
and if you enjoyed this video or have
any questions leave a comment below i'm
here to help like it share it tell the
people about it thank you for watching